the twentieth of July 1969
w
Millions of Germans are spellbound by the century event
In front of the television screens in shop windows are enthusiastic people
many still have an astronaut entering the earth satellite
not to believe
many doubt that today
What if the eagle has never landed on the moon?
Karrer
Caracas
already under President Johnson was clear that mission must now be possible and
So they came up with the idea to fake the load at the LAF especially against
the Song Contest ESC brings Woryna
the moon landings no century event but only the
most expensive movie production of all time
in the race to the moon Soviet cosmonauts have in the early sixties
the nose in front
the Oregon in it is the first man in the universe and also the first one
Spacewalk is in the sign of Pommer and sure
just four years later the big surprise
America caught up with the gap and won the race to the moon
the audience slaps a swindle triumph who with the
Technology of that time would not have been possible
There is more computing power in every car today than in the car
Apollo capsule
Neil Armstrong is testing a model of the car, 14 months before the launch date
lander
nothing is more catastrophic
that was not really legally ripe for a moon landing
or are all images of the mission faked
just the sharp NASA photos can be seen
why are there no stars on monday although there are no clouds there?
and why does the us flag seem to be blowing in the wind?
although there is no atmosphere on the moon
Hollywood or professional filmmaker Timon clothing stepped
It looks much more spectacular
then they would surely see stars
Percent
everything would look so much more like this
as people might imagine that a moon landing would look like
while NASA may have just smiled at the staging
Mor
5 percent of Americans believe in the great need
and the Germans
Cooper already funny because this avalanche going on
I'm pretty ungerboeck that one would rather have simple creation of new ones
Western angel because one-handed government
the suspicion of a conspiracy and the explanation of the scientists
first, the missing stars a phenomenon that the astronauts after the
Explain return yourself
therefore there was even one
the OECD speaks of its star as Usher I know so far
normally everything would be lost because everything is already before the turn
if necessary, the real world
the astronauts on the moon can not see stars because they are on the
Sunny side have landed
the phenomenon is well known on earth
In May you can not see any stars, the sun is so bright that everyone else is
Stars stay invisible
even at night the starry sky fades away in urban areas
a lot of lighting
secondly, not alive, the us flag sets in motion but the
Astronaut himself no turning flagpole it
Because there is no atmosphere on the moon, the flag swings for minutes
continue
even without British
but how did NASA do it with the kind of primitive computers to the moon
made
the explanation is simple
will be on the floor in wall unit large apparatus to Apollo only
For that reason, the capsule itself found hardly any of its own instructions
computer performance
NASA employed 400,000 people at the time
if it is really a conspiracy, then all these would not be better until
silence today
the exciting finished ad copy
the one that falls to the polls is not the "conspiracy theory"
has propagated the moon landing although they were actually the ones
who could have won everything
and that would be to the rescue
they did not say that
why believe so much in the big and fraud
especially the Americans themselves
the sector of the providers gave 1 many believe simply that the principle
Government popular and not for the sake of people unemployed this feeling
emerged in the late sixties OLEDs after the murders of the Congress
to Martin Luther King and Marco Merz the government is expecting Canon Inc Volvo
the cellar after the 1
The June 2009, NASA again sent a probe to the moon, it should be after
Seek water and provide the final proof
Photos of the landing sites the sixth man
in the first pictures is still little to see
as soon as the probe is close enough they should deliver better photos
The conspiracy theory will probably still remain in the world who says
because the new NASA does not work this time